so Israel took his journey with all that
he had and came to Beersheba and offered
sacrifices to the god of his father
Isaac then God spoke to Israel in the
visions of the night Jacob
Jacob
Here I am I am God the God of your
father do not fear to go down to Egypt
for I will make of you a great nation
then I will go down with you to Egypt
and I will also surely bring you up
again and Joseph will put his hand on
your eyes then Jacob arose from
Beersheba and the sons of Israel carried
their father Jacob their little ones and
their wives in the carts which Pharaoh
had sent to carry him so they took their
livestock in their goods which they had
acquired in the land of Canaan and went
to Egypt Jacob and all his descendants
with him his sons and his sons Sons his
daughters and his sons daughters and all
his descendants he brought with him to
Egypt
now these were the names of the children
of Israel Jacob and his sons who went to
Egypt Ruben was Jacob's Festo the sons
of Reuben were hey knock Palu hezron and
Carmi the sons of simeon were Jim Ewell
Jamin Oh head jaqen so ha and sha the
son of a Canaanite woman the sons of
Levi Berger shun Kohath and Merari the
sons of Judah were earth Onan Sheila
Perez and zerah butter and Onan died in
the land of Canaan the sons of pira's
were hezron and Haman the sons of
Issachar were Tola Pugh ver job and
shimla the sons of Zebulun receded Ilan
and jollily these were the sons of Leah
whom she bought a Jacob in Paden era
with his daughter Dinah all the persons
his sons and his daughters were 33 the
sons of GAD where's if a and Hagar
sooner husband Irae a road a and a rely
the sons of Asha were Jim nur Ishwara
issue I pariah and sirrah
their sister and the sons of Berea were
Heba and malkia
these were the sons of Zilpah whom Laban
gave to Lia his daughter and these she
bought a Jacob 16 persons the sons of
Rachel Jacobs wife but Joseph and
Benjamin and to Joseph in the land of
Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim
whom Asenath the daughter of Potiphar a
priest of on board to him the sons of
Benjamin were bela beaker Asheville gera
naaman he hi
gosh map him cut him and are these were
the sons of Rachel who were born to
Jacob 14 persons in all the son of Dan
was Hugh ssin the sons of Naphtali were
jazz el gouna Giza and Schiller these
were the sons of biller whom Laban gave
the rage of his daughter and she bore
these to Jacob seven persons in all all
the persons who went with Jacob to Egypt
who came from his body
besides Jacob's sons wives were 66
persons in all and the sons of Joseph
who were born to him in Egypt were two
persons all the persons of the house of
Jacob who went to Egypt was 70
then he sent Judah before him to Joseph
to point out before him the way to
Goshen and they came to the land of
Goshen
[Music]
so Joseph made ready his chariot and
went up to Goshen to meet his father
Israel and he presented himself to him
and fell on his neck and Israel said to
Joseph now let me die since I have seen
your face because you are still alive
then Joseph said to his brothers and to
his father's household I will go up and
tell Pharaoh and say to him my brothers
and those of my father's house who were
in the land of Canaan have come to me
and the men are Shepherds for their
occupation has been to feed livestock
and they have brought their flocks their
herds and all that they have so it shall
be when Pharaoh calls you and says what
is your occupation that you shall say
your servants occupation has been with
livestock from our youth even till now
both we and also our fathers that you
may dwell in the land of Goshen for
every Shepherd is an abomination to the
Egyptians
[Music]
you